# OS weekly meeting

Thursday 01/07/19

## Attendees

- @zaibon
- @maxux
- @leesmet
- @azmy
- @delandtj

## progress Update

## Provision
- Provision a volume 
- Provision a container and mount pre created volumes 
  - No network integration yet
- Question: Source of reservations ? Also Where to push results? 
  - We gonna use mocked bcdb for now
- Question: IDs generation ?

## Storage

- Main PR has been merged.
- A PR to add devices caching is open, @zaibon needs to review

## Flist manipulation

- Basic metadata manipulation is done.
- Add/edit file still needs to be implemented
- Preparation for the python binding needs to be done (@maxux)

## Network

- All the code to configure  node network is ready.
- Next step is implementing the tnodb logic
- @zaibon needs to draw grid bootstrap diagram

## ID generation

We discussed different possibility regarding object ID generation in the grid (https://github.com/threefoldtech/zosv2/issues/83)


## Testnet preparation

@delandtj will prepare some hardware so we can have the first testnet setup (https://github.com/threefoldtech/zosv2/issues/90)
