# 0-OS weekly meeting

Thursday 24 June 2019

## Attendees

- @zaibon
- @delandtj
- @muhamadazmy
- @leesmet

## progress Update

### @zaibon @delandtj

- Networking 
- Merging PR related to Wireguard configuration
- Covered the cases when the nodes are hidden (behind NAT)
- We need to discuss the Ipv6 ip pool (allocation/deallocation)

### @muhamadazmy
- Config / auto building
- Node identity proposal
- Review storage module

### @leesmet 
- PR for storage
- Discussion on how we gonna start ZDB on disks
  - @maxux, can we have different mode per namespace?
