# OS weekly meeting

Monday 17/06/19

## Attendees

- @zaibon
- @maxux
- @leesmet
- @delantj
- @muhamadazmy

## Progress Update

### Updates Module

@muhamadazmy:

- For now, we have a single version for all modules all together, for now we stick on this but this is going to change
- We could use separate directory for each binaries, which could fix it, need to investigate
- Using the go.mod file we can do some stuff too

### Storage Module

@muhamadazmy:

- Working on btrfs module (in go), but need to sync with @leesmet, they both do the same thing

@leesmet:

- Ported rust to go btrfs stuff

### Core X / Hub

@maxux:

- Core X frontend, killing process and better handle process life is done
- Remove caddy from hub is also done
- Still need to remove authentication from the hub

### FList Tools

@maxux:

- Going to work on the new tool when corex / hub is fully done (already mostly done)

### Network Module

@zaibon:
@delantj:

- Started to work on it with @delantj 
- When module bootstrap, it starts, when a container starts, it push wireguard and enable connectivity
- Primitive needs to be cleaned over zbus, now it's hackish way but PoC seems good
- You can't let the user configure network, most of the user don't understand network and ipv6
- Tested using 499 containers connected to local wireguard, it uses 1G memory and all works
- Firewall needs to be thinked but could be very simple

### Global

- We removed staging branch on zosv2 repo, we use master now
- Travis is enabled for some part but we should improve this to test more stuff

