# OS weekly meeting

Monday 08/07/19

## Attendees

- @maxux
- @delantj
- @muhamadazmy

## Progress Update

### Network Module

@delantj:

- Splitting the ipv6 range to make the user routing more clean
- Doing routing properly
- Creating a new tool with @zaibon to register on network, set route etc.
- Add firewalling stuff
- Most of the networking part is done, except firewalling

### 

@muhamadazmy:

- Looking for unsafe rust and looking for libcap binding on rust and libsecomp
- Could look for github.com/oracle/railcar
- Safe api would be better

### Flist Tools

@maxux:

- Finishing minimal implementation of the new tool to deprecate old zflist
- Try to be done before Tuesday evening

